describe threat model (#77)
suhasHere/moq-secure-objects: draft-ietf-moq-secure-objects.md

# Security Considerations {#security}

## Threat Model

> MoQT Objects are published by Original Publishers and delivered to End

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MOQT Objects are published by Original Publishers and delivered to End
```

Subscribers, potentially through one or more Relays. Each MoQT connection
is protected hop by hop using TLS. Security on cross Relay links is
outside the scope of MoQT, but this specification assumes protection
equivalent to TLS on those links.

Because security is hop by hop, each Relay terminates a security
association and can observe, modify, drop, delay, reorder, or replay MoQT
data. Some message fields are expected to be modified by Relays during
normal operation, while other fields are expected to be visible but
immutable. See {{MoQ-TRANSPORT}} for details.

This specification assumes that the Original Publisher and End Subscriber

> share one or more symmetric keys per Track, each identified by a `KeyID`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
share one or more symmetric keys per Track, each identified by a `Key ID`.
```
